update Azure AD docs (#41)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on/azure-ad.mdx

To configure team management in your Microsoft Azure AD application:

1. Navigate to the single sign-on page.
1. Edit step 2, "User Attributes & Claims."  
2. Add a new group claim.
3. In the "Group Claims" side window, select the "Security Groups" radio button.  

>    For "Source Attribute", select `sAMAccountName` to have group names passed in the SAML or select "Group ID" to pass thru the UUIDs for the group.  See **Note** below for more information on UUID's.  

Author: this has been updated and commited.

> 1. Edit step 2, "User Attributes & Claims."  
> 2. Add a new group claim.
> 3. In the "Group Claims" side window, select the "Security Groups" radio button.  
>    In the "Source Attribute" field, select either sAMAccountName to pass group names in the SAML or "Group ID" to pass thru the UUIDs for the group. See the related Note for more information on UUIDs.
>    Check the "Customize the name of the group claim" box. Use "MemberOf" in the "Name (required)" field. Leave the namespace field blank.

Reviewer: A couple of questions for you:
- Is this the right name for this field? sAMAccountName. (Part of me felt like it could have been SAML, so I just wanted to make sure).
- I felt a bit confused by the phrase "pass through the UUIDs". I changed it to "use" because I think we're specifying what attribute to use, but please let me know if I misinterpreted that!
- Does the user need to click Save or anything after all of this is done? I just want to make sure this is the final step of the process.

Finally, just a couple of style nits that I fixed in my suggestion:
- We always want to use "Refer to" instead of "See", per our style guide.
- I added a few more numbered steps to break up the instructions a bit. We want each new action in the process to be a numbered step.
- We always want to use 1 for numbered steps (the website will automatically know which number to use next, and this helps make sure we don't end up going from like 1 to 3 by accident when we make edits in the future!).
- All UI elements (button names, etc.) should be in bold.
- We can just say the name of the button, so "Click **Enter**" rather than "Click the **Enter** button.

Let me know what you think of these edits/my questions. Thank you so much for fixing this for us!

```suggestion
1. Edit step 2, **User Attributes & Claims.** 
1. Add a new group claim.
1. In **Group Claims**, select **Security Groups**.  
1. In the **Source Attribute** field, select either **sAMAccountName** to use account names or **Group ID** to use group UUIDs. 
1. Check **Customize the name of the group claim**. 
1. Set **Name (required)** to "MemberOf" and leave the namespace field blank.
```

> -> **Note:** When Azure AD is configured to use Group Claims, it provides Group UUIDs instead of human readable names in its SAML assertions. We recommend [configuring SSO Team IDs](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on#team-names-and-sso-team-ids) for your Terraform Cloud teams to match these Azure Group UUIDs.

Author: This has been updated and committed.

> If you plan to make use of SAML to set usernames in your Microsoft Azure AD application:

Reviewer 2: Suggest rewording to

"If you plan to use SAML"

Author: This has been updated and committed.

> -> **Note:** If you configure Azure AD to use Group Claims, it provides Group UUIDs instead of human readable names in its SAML assertions. We recommend [configuring SSO Team IDs](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on#team-names-and-sso-team-ids) for your Terraform Cloud teams to match these Azure Group UUIDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** When you configure Azure AD to use Group Claims, it provides Group UUIDs instead of human readable names in its SAML assertions. We recommend [configuring SSO Team IDs](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on#team-names-and-sso-team-ids) for your Terraform Cloud teams to match these Azure Group UUIDs.
```

1. Navigate to the single sign-on page.

> 1. Edit step 2, "User Attributes & Claims."  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit step 2, **User Attributes & Claims.**  
```

To configure team management in your Microsoft Azure AD application:

1. Navigate to the single sign-on page.
1. Edit step 2, **User Attributes & Claims**. 
1. Add a new group claim.
1. In **Group Claims**, select **Security Groups**.  
1. In the **Source Attribute** field, select either **sAMAccountName** to use account names or **Group ID** to use group UUIDs. 
1. Check **Customize the name of the group claim**. 
1. Set **Name (required)** to "MemberOf" and leave the namespace field blank.

> -> **Note:** When you configure Azure AD to use Group Claims, it provides Group UUIDs instead of human readable names in its SAML assertions. We recommend [configuring SSO Team IDs](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on#team-names-and-sso-team-ids) for your HCP Terraform teams to match these Azure Group UUIDs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** When you configure Azure AD to use Group Claims, it provides Group UUIDs instead of human readable names in its SAML assertions. We recommend [configuring SSO Team IDs](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on#team-names-and-sso-team-ids) for your HCP Terraform teams to match these Azure Group UUIDs.
```

If you plan to use SAML to set usernames in your Microsoft Azure AD application:

1. Navigate to the single sign-on page.
1. Edit step 2, **User Attributes & Claims.**  

>    We recommend naming the claim "Username", leaving the namespace blank, and sourcing something like `user.displayname` or `user.mailnickname`.  Note that HCP Terraform usernames only allow lowercase letters, numbers, and dashes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   We recommend naming the claim "username", leaving the namespace blank, and sourcing `user.displayname` or `user.mailnickname` as a starting point. Note that HCP Terraform usernames only allow lowercase letters, numbers, and dashes.
```

If you namespaced any of your claims, note that the attribute name passed by Microsoft Azure AD will follow the form `<claim_namespace/claim_name>`. Consider this when setting Team and Username attribute names.

## Troubleshooting the SAML assertion

> Use this guide to verify and validate the claims being sent in the SAML response. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Use this guide](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/1500005371682-Capturing-a-SAML-Assertion) to verify and validate the claims being sent in the SAML response. 
```

> https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/1500005371682-Capturing-a-SAML-Assertion

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
